# Real Time Web
In this repo you will find my Meteor roadtrip of three weeks.

# Week 1: 

## Exercise 1 & 2: Starters Guide and Github
I didn't use the Discover Meteor Starter Edition. I used the new es2015(ES6) starters guide on the Meteor website instead. It has a different folder structure and you easily determine when to use certain code on client or server side because of the ES6 imports. Link to the starters guide: [Es6 Meteor Starters Guide](http://guide.meteor.com/structure.html).

## Exercise 3: Dataset and App

### App: League Ranked Pro
League Ranked Pro shows the ranked players/team of League of Legends real time game data of the opposite team. League Ranked Pro will help the ranked player/team to make decisions to win a game/lane based on the data.

### Dataset
* Link to dataset: [Current Game Api League of Legends](https://developer.riotgames.com/api/methods#!/976/3336)

> Pros

* The datasets are updated every 500ms.
* The dataset gives real time data of a match. 
* The dataset shows the spells being used in match.
* The dataset shows the different players in match with their champions and runes (runes being showed helps the enemy team to adept).
* The dataset returns masteries being used by each player. 
* Data is reliable because the data is generated by Riot Games (makers of League of Legends).

> Cons

* The Api call needs a summonerId but this can only be retrieved when you make two extra calls. First you have to make a call to get the name of a summoner. Secondly you have to retrieve the summonersId and then make another call to get the ingame data of this summoner. 

## Exercise 4: League Ranked Pro in depth

### Concept
My idea is to let pro players/teams get real time data of the opposite team. With this data they can make new strategies when the game progresses. The team/player can keep track of the monsters that are being spawned and get information about the opposite player such as runes, masteries and wich champions are being used. 

### Users
League Ranked Pro is for the ranked League of Legends players that play in a team or alone. Most of the players play matches of 3v3 or 5v5. These players are always searching for the best improvements for their individual or team performance.

### MVP
* The players can add eachother to a team and will be notified when they have been added. 
* The player is being notified when his team is going to play match. 
* The ability to see the runes and masteries of the opposite team.
* The ability to see the champions and the spells they use. 
* The ability to search for an user in the current match that's being played

### Wishlist
* Real time map of the current match with the time/geotracking when a turret/player has been killed.
* Real time gold tracker of each player. 
* Ability to add trackers that keep the time when the dragon, baron and jungle camps are being spawned. 

### Reactiveness
* When the teamleader adds trackers to the team the other teammembers will be notified and will see these trackers.
* The player sees in game data thats being updated in the background.

### Structure Web App: Client views
* Home
* Your Team
* Current Game
* Previous game stats

### Structure Web App: Server
* MongoDB with match data
* MongoDB with user data
* MongoDB with team data

# Week 2

## Exercise 1 
I have chosen a 
